Hailing from Bangalore, the garden city , also called the IT hub of India, we are Devi Studio passionate about documenting the events and bringing about the best moments.

Wedding photography is all about capturing the emotions during the D-day.

Our vision at Devi Studio is to provide the best services to our client keeping in mind the client's satisfaction levels at all stages of our assignment.

WHY DEVI STUDIO?
We have mastered ourselves in capturing the emotional moments of the weddings from the last 40 years. We are special in a way because even a small thing will become attractive once we shoot with out lenses. You can preserve this moment for a lifetime and show the same for the future generations.


A wedding is a kaleidoscope of emotions and human expressions. Surprise, joy and deep reflection abound in equal measure.

At Devi Studio we are passionate about photography and videography that captures this multitude of spontaneity. We are experts in candid photography and videography.

Rather than artificial poses before the camera, our photographers will unobtrusively walk around, looking for those living moments and photograph them, to be preserved for you to enjoy, reminisce and reflect. best wedding photographer in Malleshwaram, exclusive videography in Bangalore, Weeding photography specialised in Bangalore , Pre-wedding Photography in bangalore, Exclusive wedding photography in Bangalore

Photography is an art that is mastered with experience, when one starts to play with speed and light..



DRAFT

Hailing from Bangalore, the garden city, also called the IT hub of India, we at Devi Studio are passionate about photography and videography that captures a multitude of emotions and memories during your events.

Rather than artificial poses before the camera, our photographers will unobtrusively walk around, looking for those living moments and photograph them, to be preserved for you to enjoy, reminisce and reflect.

Photography is an art that is mastered with experience, when one starts to play with speed and light. Wedding photography is all about capturing the emotions during the D-day. With an experience of over 40 years in this field, we are masters at our art and will make sure that not a single memory slips away from our lenses. 

Our vision at Devi Studio is to provide the best services to our client keeping in mind the client's satisfaction levels at all stages of our assignment.



SHORTER

Hailing from Bangalore, the garden city, we at Devi Studio are passionate about photography and videography that captures a multitude of emotions and memories during your events. Photography is an art that is mastered with experience.With an experience of over 40 years in this field, we are masters at our art and will make sure that not a single memory slips away from our lenses. 